camio_stado_Expediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambio_Estado_Expediente", new Integer("1"), null, false),
documento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.documento", new Integer("2"), null, false, true, true),
pase("tipoActuacionEnumeration.pase", new Integer("3"), null, true),
prestamo("tipoActuacionEnumeration.prestamo", new Integer("4"), null, true),
confronte("tipoActuacionEnumeration.confronte", new Integer("5"), null, true),
tasa("tipoActuacionEnumeration.tasa", new Integer("6"), null, true),
agenda("tipoActuacionEnumeration.agenda", new Integer("7"), null, true),
cedula("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cedula", new Integer("8"), null, true, true),
vencimiento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.vencimiento", new Integer("9"), null, true),
interviniente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.interviniente", new Integer("10"), null, true),
incidente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.incidente", new Integer("11"), null, true),
desglose("tipoActuacionEnumeration.desglose", new Integer("12"), null, true),
elevacion_A_Camara("tipoActuacionEnumeration.elevacion_A_Camara", new Integer("13"), null, true),
recepcion_Pase("tipoActuacionEnumeration.recepcion_Pase", new Integer("14"), null, true),
cambio_Situacion_Expediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambio_Situacion_Expediente", new Integer("15"), null, false),
retorno_cedula("tipoActuacionEnumeration.retorno_cedula", new Integer("16"), null, true),
devolucion_prestamo("tipoActuacionEnumeration.devolucion_prestamo", new Integer("17"), null, true),
reserva_expediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.reserva_expediente",new Integer("18"), null, false),
desreserva_expediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.desreserva_expediente",new Integer("19"), null, false),
reserva_despacho("tipoActuacionEnumeration.reserva_despacho",new Integer("20"), null, false),
desreserva_despacho("tipoActuacionEnumeration.desreserva_despacho",new Integer("21"), null, false),
devolucion_pase("tipoActuacionEnumeration.devolucion_pase",new Integer("22"), null, true),
cerrar_cuaderno("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cerrar_cuaderno",new Integer("23"), null, false),
cancelar_cuaderno("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_cuaderno",new Integer("24"), null, false),
incorporar_cuaderno("tipoActuacionEnumeration.incoporar_cuaderno",new Integer("25"), null, true),
escrito("tipoActuacionEnumeration.escrito", new Integer("26"), null, false),
incorporar_despacho("tipoActuacionEnumeration.incorporarDespacho", new Integer("27"), null, false),
incorporar_escrito("tipoActuacionEnumeration.incorporarEscrito", new Integer("28"), null, false),
incorporar_cedula("tipoActuacionEnumeration.incorporarCedula", new Integer("29"), null, false),
paralizar_expediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.paralizar_expediente", new Integer("30"), null, false),
desparalizar_expediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.desparalizar_expediente", new Integer("31"), null, false),
mandamiento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.mandamiento", new Integer("32"), null, true),
retorno_mandamiento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.retorno_mandamiento", new Integer("33"), null, true),
incorporar_mandamiento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.incorporarMandamiento", new Integer("34"), null, false),
movimiento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.movimiento", new Integer("35"), null, false),
cambioSecretaria("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioSecretaria", new Integer("36"), null, false),
cambioEstadoInterviniente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioEstadoInterviniente", new Integer("37"), null, false),
informacion("tipoActuacionEnumeration.informacion", new Integer("38"), null, true),
traerExpediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.traerExpediente", new Integer("39"), null, false),
cambioAsignacionOficina("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioAsignacionOficina", new Integer("40"), null, true),
evento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.evento", new Integer("41"), null, false),
cambioFiscalia("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioFiscalia", new Integer("42"), null, false),
cambioDefensoria("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioDefensoria", new Integer("43"), null, false),
cambioAsesoria("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioAsesoria", new Integer("44"), null, false),
cambioInstructor("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioInstructor", new Integer("45"), null, false),
firmaSinIncorporarDocumento("tipoActuacionEnumeration.firmaSinIncorporarDocumento", new Integer("46"), null, false, false),
altaRecurso("tipoActuacionEnumeration.altaRecurso", new Integer("47"), null, true),
elevacion_A_Plenario("tipoActuacionEnumeration.elevacion_A_Plenario", new Integer("48"), null, true),
elevacion_A_TribunalOral("tipoActuacionEnumeration.elevacion_A_TribunalOral", new Integer("49"), null, true),
cancelar_Pase("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_pase", new Integer("50"), null, true),
reapertura_cuaderno("tipoActuacionEnumeration.reapertura_cuaderno", new Integer("51"), null, true),
cambioTipoCausa("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioTipoCausa", new Integer("52"), null, true),
cambioTipoRecurso("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioTipoRecurso", new Integer("53"), null, true),
cancelar_elevacion_tribunal_oral("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_elevacion_tribunal_oral", new Integer("54"), null, true),
cancelar_interviniente_elevado("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_interviniente_elevado", new Integer("55"), null, true),
cambio_elevacion_plenario("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambio_elevacion_plenario", new Integer("56"), null, true),
cancelar_elevacion_plenario("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_elevacion_plenario", new Integer("57"), null, true),
cambiar_a_tramite("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambiar_a_tramite", new Integer("58"), null, false),
cambiar_a_no_tramite("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambiar_a_no_tramite", new Integer("59"), null, false),
cancelar_radicacion("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_radicacion", new Integer("60"), null, false),
cambio_elevacion_tribunal_oral("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambio_elevacion_tribunal_oral", new Integer("61"), null, true),
cancelar_Remision("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelar_remision", new Integer("62"), null, true),
agregar_lip("tipoActuacionEnumeration.agregar_lip", new Integer("63"), null, false),
desagregar_lip("tipoActuacionEnumeration.desagregar_lip", new Integer("64"), null, false),
cambioTipoProceso("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioTipoProceso", new Integer("65"), null, true),
cancelarRecurso("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cancelarRecurso", new Integer("66"), null, true),
registroSentencia("tipoActuacionEnumeration.registroSentencia", new Integer("67"), null, true),
publicacionSentencia("tipoActuacionEnumeration.publicacionSentencia", new Integer("68"), null, true),
asignacionSecretaria("tipoActuacionEnumeration.asignacionSecretaria", new Integer("69"), null, false),
tipoCausa("tipoActuacionEnumeration.tipoCausa", new Integer("70"), null, false),
excusacionIntegracionSala("tipoActuacionEnumeration.excusacionIntegracionSala",new Integer("71"), null, false),
autoRadicarExpediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.autoRadicarExpediente", new Integer("72"), null, false),
cambioMediador("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioMediador", new Integer("73"), null, false),
eliminarRegistroSentencia("tipoActuacionEnumeration.eliminarRegistroSentencia", new Integer("74"), null, false),
cambioTipoSubexpediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cambioTipoSubexpediente", new Integer("75"), null, true),
cedulaElectronica("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cedulaElectronica", new Integer("76"), null, true, true, true),
cedulaElectronicaLetrado("tipoActuacionEnumeration.cedulaElectronicaLetrado", new Integer("77"), null, true, true, true),
finSalaEstudio("tipoActuacionEnumeration.finSalaEstudio", new Integer("78"), null, true),
finJuzgadoSentencia("tipoActuacionEnumeration.finJuzgadoSentencia", new Integer("79"), null, true),
revalidacionCaratula("tipoActuacionEnumeration.revalidacionCaratula", new Integer("80")),
eventoPrueba("tipoActuacionEnumeration.eventoPrueba", new Integer("81")),
sorteoWebDiferenciaDatos("tipoActuacionEnumeration.sorteoWebDiferenciaDatos", new Integer("82")),
anotacionCedula("tipoActuacionEnumeration.anotacionCedula", new Integer("83"), null, true, false),
informacionPrivada("tipoActuacionEnumeration.informacionPrivada", new Integer("84"), null, true),
pasePrivado("tipoActuacionEnumeration.pasePrivado", new Integer("85"), null, true),
sorteoWeb("tipoActuacionEnumeration.sorteoWeb", new Integer("86")),
deo("tipoActuacionEnumeration.deo", new Integer("87"),null, true),
borradoExpediente("tipoActuacionEnumeration.borradoExpediente", new Integer("100"), null, true),
documentoDigital("tipoActuacionEnumeration.documentoDigital", new Integer("101"), null, true),
borradoDocumentoDigital("tipoActuacionEnumeration.borradoDocumentoDigital", new Integer("102"), null, true),
invalidar("tipoActuacionEnumeration.invalidar", new Integer("103"), null, false),
reemplazoDocumentoDigital("tipoActuacionEnumeration.reemplazoDocumentoDigital", new Integer("104"), null, true),
reserva_expediente_web("tipoActuacionEnumeration.reserva_expediente_web",new Integer("105"), null, false),
reserva_expediente_visualizacion_partes("tipoActuacionEnumeration.reserva_expediente_visualizacion_partes",new Integer("106"), null, false),
restriccion_web_parte("tipoActuacionEnumeration.restriccion_web_parte",new Integer("107"), null, false),	
quitar_restriccion_web_parte("tipoActuacionEnumeration.quitar_restriccion_web_parte",new Integer("108"), null, false);
